the players strike became official at
4:00 p.m. Eastern Time
we're gonna finish the season anyway
we'll use replacement players they've
all played football somewhere not all of
them in the pros but they'll have
something unique to bring the game hey
damn I don't 1 2 3
thanks guys hey Falco you're not even a
has-been you're never was gonna take
those people trying to put together a
winning team nothing else they should be
fun to watch at first I admit I was a
$30 petrified you were petrified
thinking I could never live without you
by my side the Lord is by your side and
then I spent so many nights thinking how
you did me wrong and I grew strong you
know I hate this damn song I don't how
to get along and soon these [ __ ]
we got this
what do you do here John you go for it
fat you have to but Falco's been shut
down by this defense all afternoon all
it takes is one big play to get it back
in the ball game and here goes Falco I
wish I could say something that was
classy and inspirational but it just
wouldn't be our stuff pain heals chicks
dig scars
Laurie lasts forever get me the ball
with your ball or you give me the I hope
you didn't kill somebody the football is
like a one-man cold or Clifford Franklin
to be frank all the world catching it
Kevin Franklin the world coming down
with it then why you play that dumb
[ __ ]
you